For the second exercise here we are going to show a type of analytic that is not,
that cannot be really accomplished in SQL very easily.
Here we're going to get some data from Reddit.
Here, I am actually before saying anything about Reddit,
I should say that I'm loading here the package called Spark NLP.
I want to just tell you here that when you,
when you start by loading this like that,
now it's loaded but actually it can take some time until this loads.
So, you might see here the all of these are attempts to load this.
So, when you actually run that code,
expect that the spark session initialization is going to take
much longer depending on your Internet connectivity,
is going to take much longer than usual.
Here I read multiple files in our directory as one data frame.
Whatever JSON files I have, I'm long to load them.
I think for this exercise actually I have one five.
So, I'm going to read.JSON.
Okay. I can read JSON,
I read CSV before.
Now, I can read, and wait that text before.
Now, we're going to read JSON.
That doesn't look like a very nice schema.
Every Reddit article has lots and lots of information.
I think we're going to be interested in the author here and perhaps the title itself.
The title is really really really really down.
Okay. You might be interested in those deeply varied things,
actually that's a very powerful feature.
Also a spark that you can just load JSON nested,
nested, nested like that.
Actually, you see that it's a struct and within
the struct there are fields and then within the,
you can have an array and within the array you can have structs,
and without the structs you have array and so forth, and so forth.
So, you say like this,
I can DF select data.title and data.author like that.
I'm going to get those two.
I extracted these, they are clean and neat.
It just since this is text,
I couldn't resist making the hello world of big data which is where it counts.
Basically, we want to count what are the most frequent words here in all of the titles.
You do like this,
you first you split on white spaces.
So, each one of those becomes an array.
Then you take an array and you explode it.
What happens is, every element in the array becomes a line here.
You can try and take this and do it step-by-step to see what happens.
After getting an array of words,
I just grouped by the word and count descendingly
and I count them but this is not very informative.
Perhaps I didn't say why we're doing this exercise.
So, the point here is I want to be able to know
what are the popular topics in these media.
I am going to get tons of these and I just want to know what the world is talking
about and to and that and often in are not really informative actually.